picture a farm no a modern farm squeeze
a little closer okay
99% of the meat that you eat was raised
in an environment kind of like this but
what if we could do this differently
let's face it modern farming is hard on
the earth it's hard on animals and it's
heavy on chemicals what if we could meet
our protein needs in a totally different
way on average for every 1 pound of
animal protein livestock are fed 6
pounds of plant protein and that's even
kind of a starvation diet let's be real
so that's two and a half pounds for 1
pound chicken 5 pounds for 1 pound of
pork and 10 pounds for one pound of beef
isn't it a little wasteful say hey to
this cricket
what's rad is that insects are just out
in the world there are so many bugs in
the world 80% of this cricket is edible
and digestible that's compared to 55% of
chicken and pig only 40% of a cow is
edible okay I know what you're thinking
looks like totally gross like who would
eat those how about all these people
eating bugs is not a new thing just to
be sure that bugs in fact are totally
delicious we tried out some bugs or food
on our staff here's what they thought oh
my god I didn't know I was eating man it
just tastes like really good guacamole
it could be like a kale trip Wow
pretty good actually I definitely don't
taste anything out of the ordinary for a
taco like a lime like flamin hot cheeto
flower go bugs I think that's a pretty
resounding conclusion don't you
so just to get this straight globally
people are already eating bugs and it's
totally not weird insects have a super
low carbon footprint and they're not
really that close man so what do you say
are you ready to be a badass come on